Greetings from Ms. Quyen to all Buddhist
followers and friends.
Today, the government is very happy to
accompany you in this
program of singing praises to the Bodhi Mind. And ladies and
gentlemen, in the Bodhisattva Sutra,
the chapter on the Awakening of the
Bodhi Mind states that a Bodhisattva who can
awaken the Bodhi Mind is called a Mahasattva Bodhisattva and will
certainly attain the supreme enlightenment,
avoiding defilements and impurities. Therefore, initially
awakening the Bodhi Mind allows one to grasp all virtuous practices. A Mahasattva Bodhisattva who awakens the Bodhi Mind,
depending on their practice, will gradually attain the supreme enlightenment,
avoiding defilements and impurities.
If one does not awaken the Bodhi Mind, they cannot attain enlightenment.
Therefore, awakening the Bodhi Mind is the foundation
of the supreme enlightenment, avoiding defilements and impurities. The
Bodhi Mind is the enlightened mind, the mind that seeks to
become a Buddha. Even if we awaken the Bodhi Mind just once in our lives,
that
is a seed of life. For countless lifetimes to come, we will
have the opportunity to become Buddhas, escape the cycle of birth and
death, and save all sentient beings.
All Buddhas and Bodhisattvas
must
awaken the Bodhi Mind.  Only then can one achieve enlightenment,
for Bodhicitta is the root of the path.
Towards the great ceremony of Awakening Bodhicitta
on June 19th, 2013 (Year of the Rabbit), and with
the enlightenment of the nobility of Bodhicitta, the
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club have
vowed to offer songs and
hymns praising Bodhicitta for three
days, from June 16th to
June 18th, 2013, at 9:30 PM.
This praise will generate blessings and
peace for the Buddhists themselves, as the
Buddha taught.
You can dedicate this praise to
resolving negative karma, increasing positive karma, and achieving success in your endeavors, thus facilitating your practice and fulfilling your
duties in the pursuit of Bodhicitta and the
supreme path.
Today is the second day of the
program. We invite all Buddhists and the public to
sing along to the following three songs: "The Teacher Leaves His Parents to Become a
Monk, Returning to the Great Ba Vang Monastery for the Happiness of All Beings."
Dear
friends and Buddhists
abroad, if you wish to sing along, please do so with the
intention of the Buddhists.  The singing will be on time according to Vietnam time
or the local time, but
within the time frame of 21:30 to 21:35.
If any Buddhist devotees are busy and cannot
participate in the singing at
that time, they can request to sing at
other times of the day. Now,
the program begins.
[Music] My friend, I have a
question for you. Why did you
stop the car? Where is there anything fun? Day and night, I
don't want to see you all walking on rocks, eating
no meat or fish, wearing only clothes, and there's nothing fun. Why did you leave your parents
far away, the Dinh River is long. It's
hard to understand, so hard to understand. Why did you
leave your parents so sadly in the old forest? It's so hard to understand,
there are so many things.
[Music]
[Music] You
must be joyful first, it's so hard.
Just keep going, life still has value, it's fun,
friends near and far. There's nothing to lack, what's wrong
is fun in life, it's fun, it's fun. Why did you
leave your parents so far away, the river stops far away, it's hard to understand, so hard to understand.
Why did you leave your parents so sadly in the old forest? It's so
hard to understand, there are so many things. My
friends, Thien Nhan, the Buddha
taught that...  13 early life principles that conquer
all Smiling Warriors
In my life, in the place of birth, I
see you day and night, remember to apologize, and
still go to love all living beings in the
place of birth. Please listen and remember at night, up
there with the demon king, because of love for all living beings. The five desires of
life are not lacking,
there are so many, but teacher,
I have understood, the world is far from parents, happy to practice the
Dharma, meditation in the old forest,
boundless compassion for all living
beings. Compassion for
how long for all living beings.
[music]
Today, my friends, the Buddha
taught that in these 13 early minutes of life, on the
body, everything
for the three realms, the four cities, the mountains, and
in this life of ignorance, in the place of
birth, still go together. Night is not the
demon king,
because of love in the heart for all living beings.
[music]
Ba Vang Pagoda is too low, brother. The
radiant dawn welcomes you and me. Today is a
day off, let's relax our hands and just like a
story, why go out and play, why waste it? Why
not go outside, stay at home,
go home, go home, Ba Vang Pagoda, we
Going home always, together, signing the year,
we always go home, going home without a garden, the heart
receives the orchids, so many, so joyful, going home to the leaf house, going home to the big house, the Golden
Pagoda welcomes the chicken,
the Buddha, the misty river, the bright road, when renting, going home to the big house, going home to the big house, ready hands, welcoming the fresh stream of compassion [music] and when not worried, the Ba Vang Pagoda is faintly
welcoming you and me. Today is a day
off, our hands are busy, there are many
gossips, why go out and waste time, why not
get up and go, why sit at home, going home to the
big house, going home to the big house, Ba Vang, we
always go home, going
home always, going home without a garden, going home
to the orchids, so many, so joyful,
going home to the leaf house, going home to the big house, Ba Vang Pagoda,
welcoming the Buddha, the misty river, the
bright road, wisdom, going home to the big house, going home to the big house,
Ba Vang Pagoda, welcoming the
fresh stream of compassion, the fish, joyful forever,
remembering and holding hands, we go home to the big house, Ba
Vang, a place of peaceful heaven together, To Huu takes turns, come on, my friend,
we
[music]
Bodhi Mind
If anyone asks,
Bodhi Mind is a noble and high-minded path, hướng
towards truth,
on the bridge to Buddhahood, below to save sentient beings  Living with
love, sacrificing everything, soaring
high without thinking of oneself,
O Master, the Bodhi Mind, restless, vowing to enlighten
all beings.
[Applause]
[Music]
In this world, even with wealth in hand,
even intoxicated by fame, there will still be suffering
because impermanence steals happiness and causes
separation. I
will fight for happiness, truly
fortunate.
[Music]
When in this cycle of reincarnation, beings die
here and are reborn into another life,
forever suffering separation and pain.
[Music]
Bodhi brings to beings pure
happiness and enlightenment.
Only the Bodhi Mind brings to beings
natural, true happiness.
[Music] The
Bodhi Mind is the highest level,
for one's own happiness,
for the happiness of all beings,
for the enlightenment of truth. Cultivate the Bodhi Mind
for the happiness of all beings. Forgive for the
happiness of all beings.
Cultivate the Bodhi Mind
for the happiness of all beings. Forgive.
[Music] Dear esteemed
Dharma Friends, the Bodhi Mind of
the Buddhas of the Ten Directions never ceases.  The
Bodhisattvas' teachings
urge us to cultivate Bodhicitta.
Even those who don't yet understand Bodhicitta, upon
hearing its benefits for achieving enlightenment and for the
great enlightenment of countless
beings, will joyfully cultivate Bodhicitta. The merit and blessings from
this joyful cultivation are immeasurable. For transcendental beings, a single joyful
cultivation of Bodhicitta
will lead to the cultivation of Bodhicitta for many lifetimes and eons,
ultimately
achieving the supreme enlightenment of perfect Buddhahood.
Just one such joyful moment of cultivating Bodhicitta brings
blessings
greater than even the blessings of the heavens. Therefore, the
Buddha taught that Bodhicitta
is the mother of all Buddhas; Bodhicitta
gives birth to Buddhas. Bodhicitta leads to the attainment of Buddhahood, a
mind containing perfect contemplation. May
the
joy in our hearts, upon
hearing this song, inspire us to cultivate Bodhicitta for the benefit of all beings, filling
us with the
desire to do
so.  Those who earnestly aspire to participate in the Bodhi Awakening Ceremony will
surely strive for
enlightenment and soon reside in the Bodhi Mind. May
all esteemed Dharma friends always strive diligently, and may
we all achieve the pure aspiration for
supreme enlightenment during the
Bodhi Awakening Ceremony on June 19th
at Ba Vang Temple in the morning. We respectfully
wish all esteemed Dharma friends and their families
boundless peace and happiness. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. The head of the ceremony, Ms. Thich Ca
Mau Ni, is
still on duty
far away, but she still turns her thoughts towards the main temple
and participates in the program of singing
praises to the Bodhi Awakening Ceremony once again.
We respectfully express our gratitude to her and the entire
congregation. A
big round of applause is needed to show our appreciation to her.
We are certain that the special songs just
performed will bring happiness,
peace, and benefit to all who
praise, rejoice, and sing. We hope that through these
songs, the true Dharma of the
Six Harmonies of Buddhism will endure in the world for a long time, and that all esteemed
Buddhist followers will soon...  The more we cultivate
and strengthen our
genuine and unwavering faith in the noble Bodhi Mind, the more auspicious
conditions we will have to bravely develop
Bodhi Mind in the coming days. And as the performance just concluded,
we would like to express our
gratitude to Ms. Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan Quan,
head of the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club and the Luc Hoa poetry group, for composing
meaningful songs for this program. We also
thank the
Buddhist followers and
esteemed audience for their continued support and appreciation of our
merits. We cordially invite all Buddhist followers and the public to
continue participating in the program at
9:30 PM on August 4th, 2023 (
June 18th, Year of the Rabbit), broadcast
live on the YouTube channels Pham Thi
Yen Tam Chieu Hoan Quan, Facebook Thich Truc Thai Minh,
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, Luc Hoa poetry group, and the website Pham Thi Yen.com.
Especially on June 19th, Year of the Rabbit, we
invite all Buddhist followers and friends to come to
Ba Vang Pagoda to participate in the grand ceremony of developing Bodhi Mind and the
ceremony.  We pray for the souls of unborn children, and if
you are far away and cannot come to the temple to
participate, please follow the
programs through
online platforms. And now, goodbye and
see you again.
[music]